Fixed calibration labels (#2060)
openturns/openturns: python/doc/theory/data_analysis/gaussian_calibration.rst

Introduction
~~~~~~~~~~~~

In this page, we present the method used in the :class:`~openturns.GaussianLinearCalibration`
and :class:`~openturns.GaussianNonLinearCalibration` classes.

> The Gaussian calibration is a particular case of Bayesian calibration

Reviewer: Link to a previous suggestion which has been buried by GitHub: https://github.com/openturns/openturns/pull/2060#discussion_r1165915860

Author: Ok. This must be fixed now.

Reviewer: Indeed it is. I will probably review the PR one last time after the CI manages to compile the documentation.

Author: Ok. So I resolve this conversation.

> The Gaussian calibration is a particular case of Bayesian calibration 

Reviewer: Link to a previous suggestion which has been buried by GitHub: https://github.com/openturns/openturns/pull/2060/files/0f6389103932184d73483598cef79791d4abfa60#r1165915860

> The Gaussian calibration is a particular case of Bayesian calibration 

Author: Ok. Fixed.

.. math::

    \frac{d }{d\vect{\theta}} c(\vect{\theta})
    = B^{-1} (\vect{\theta}-\vect{\mu}) + J(\vect{\theta})^T R^{-1} (H(\vect{\theta}) - \vect{y})

for any :math:`\vect{\theta}\in\Rset^{d_h}`.
The Hessian matrix of the cost function is:

.. math::

    \frac{d^2 }{d\vect{\theta}^2} c(\vect{\theta})
    = B^{-1}  + J(\vect{\theta})^T R^{-1} J(\vect{\theta})

for any :math:`\vect{\theta}\in\Rset^{d_h}`.

If the covariance matrix :math:`B` is positive definite,
then the Hessian matrix of the cost function is positive definite.
Under this hypothesis, the solution of the nonlinear Gaussian calibration is unique.

Solving the Non Linear Gaussian Calibration Problem
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The implementation of the resolution of the Gaussian non linear calibration
problem involves the Cholesky decomposition of the covariance matrices :math:`B`
and :math:`R`.
This allows one to transform the sum of two Mahalanobis distances into a single
Euclidian norm.
This leads to a classical non linear least squares problem.

Linear Gaussian Calibration
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> In the Gaussian linear calibration, we assume that the parametric

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Gaussian linear calibration, we assume that the parametric
```

    \exp\left(\frac{1}{2} (\vect{\theta} - \hat{\vect{\theta}})^T A^{-1} (\vect{\theta} - \hat{\vect{\theta}}) \right)

for any :math:`\vect{\theta}\in\Rset^{d_h}`.
This implies:

.. math::

    \vect{\theta} \; | \; \vect{y} \sim \mathcal{N}\left(\hat{\vect{\theta}}_{MAP}, \; A\right)

Bias of Linear Gaussian Calibration
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Assume that there is a true value of the parameter :math:`\vect{\theta}^\star`
that generated the output observations :math:`\vect{y}`.
Consider the MAP estimator :math:`\hat{\vect{\theta}}_{MAP}` as an
estimator of :math:`\vect{\theta}^\star`.
This estimator is a random variable which depends on the random sample of
output observations.
The MAP estimator is biased and the bias is:

.. math::

    \operatorname{Bias}\left(\hat{\vect{\theta}}_{MAP}\right)
    = (KJ - \operatorname{I})\left(\vect{\theta}^\star - \vect{\mu}\right).

This bias is introduced as a consequence of the regularization properties
of the Gaussian calibration.

> In the tradeoff between the bias and the variance in the estimator of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the trade-off between bias and variance of the estimator of the
```
